I'm doing great thanks so much for
having me thanks for coming it's great
to have you here now you're not a police
you weren't a politician now you kind of
are a politician don't say that but you
in the world of politics like if you
were to do magic you'd be a magician
right yeah okay so here we go
so what did your wife say when you told
her
darling I I I know I'm successful in
business but I would like to run for
president president of what she said
that yeah it took a few months for her
to realize I was serious she thought you
were joking or if she just thought
you're you're she thought it was
something that might pass shall we say
uh-huh I see
and is she totally on board now oh now
she's on board okay now that I'm at
fifth in the polls guys do you feel like
it makes you even more sexually
attractive to her Wow it was an awfully
high bar to begin run right why go right
for president why not start with like
you know representative or even senator
or something like that I spent seven
years running an organization that
helped create thousands of jobs in the
Midwest in the south and unfortunately I
believe that these technological changes
are a lot faster than we have time for
robot trucks maybe on our highways in
five to ten years so if i bided my time
and tried to climb the ranks in my view
we just didn't have that kind of time
your fear is that all those truckers
will be out of work because we'll have
these robot trucks to drive on their own
you know their robot trucks on the
highways right now ups just invested and
driving a truck is the most common job
in 29 states there are three and a half
million truckers and over seven million
Americans who work at truckstops motels
and diners that rely on the truckers
getting out having a meal
so if robot trucks are gonna hit the
highways in five to ten years we really
don't have any time to spare it must be
weird you're one of your primary issues
is something that's so scary but also
sounds so awesome robot trucks you know
yeah certainly as a kid you'd be like
ooh robot truck I'm still like that yeah
well a lot of it Jimmy is that we have
to make ourselves excited about progress
and right now robot trucks could be
exciting for everyone if everyone felt
like we were participating in the gains
of the 21st century economy instead of
being left behind mm-hmm so is your
solution that we don't have robot trucks
I'm Pro progress in innovation but we
need to start sharing the bounty so my
freedom dividend which I heard Laura's
sons excited about which was very very
high I think every teenager is excited
for that thousand dollars a month
explain your freedom dividend and how it
worked so if every American got our tiny
fair share of every Amazon sale every
Google search every Facebook ad
eventually every robot truck mile we
could afford a thousand dollars per
American per month which would help us
all transition in the 21st century
economy and create a new way forward not
just for the eighteen year olds but for
the 65 year olds who are struggling to
make ends meet and retire with dignity
so your idea is that these companies are
making money selling our information
using our information and that we should
get some of that money
yeah our data is now worth more than oil
and we're not seeing a dime of that
Amazon's a trillion-dollar tech company
that literally paid zero in federal
taxes last year less than everyone
watching this at home so you have to say
that's not a sustainable system we need
to get the American people our fair
share of the incredible wealth that
Amazon and the other tech companies are
generating do you think having all the
thousand dollars a month I think for the
fear for a lot of people is that it will
disincentivize them to work you know
there are two groups that have been
shown to work less when you get this
kind of money new moms who spend more
time with their kids and teenagers who
spend more time graduating from high
school I don't think any of us will be
upset about those situations everyone
else works at around the same level and
in some case cases even worked more at
what age would we start getting the
thousand dollars a month so we'd all
have a financial literacy class the
first semester of your senior year in
high school then at age 18 you start
getting the money and you think kids
will pay attention to that class if they
know they're getting the money
well they'll get the money either way
right so no oh well one thing I found
Jimmy is that it's impossible to teach
someone financial literacy if they don't
have money so at least this will give
him a chance to figure it out right
before they start getting the checks
well Donald Trump get $1,000 a month too
if he signs up for it oh no my system
he'll sign up for it the way we fund
this is through a value-added tax that
would generate millions tens of millions
from the Donald Trump's of the world so
if we're trying to send them a thousand
bucks a month to remind them they're an
American it's a win for everyone are you
at all worried that these tech giant's
will try to kill you Mark Zuckerberg
Jeff Bezos these guys will target you
and destroy you I'm happy that I've been
endorsed by Elon Musk Jack Dorsey Sam
Altman Alexis Ohanian a bunch of the
techies who are like you and me and a
lot of people here tonight parents
Americans they know that it's bad for
everyone if people feel like the 21st
century economy is leaving them behind
is Elon Musk an American he is not but I
think now you're wearing your PIN your
slogan is math yeah it stands for make
America think harder because we have to
focus on the real problems where the
midst of the greatest economic
transformation in the history of our
country the fourth Industrial Revolution
and immigrants have next to nothing to
do with the problems that Americans are
experiencing around the country
immigrants in general are hard come here
because they want to work because they
want a better life whereas Americans we
want to play video games you know
Americans are actually by the numbers of
very very hardworking people where we're
working longer work weeks than most of
the rest of the world that's true
especially the Australians they get a
lot of time off and I'm sick of it
yeah I would like to see them get less
time off at their jobs that would be one
of my platforms we should actually head
in their direction okay all right I'm
all screwed up listen I will say this
though I think you're gonna have to move
on from math as your slogan cuz it's
really not a slogan okay it's I have a
slogan idea for you alrighty okay I got
a couple of them right first of all it's
a poster people could have this gang in
their baby
[Applause]
there being the white house baby
everybody likes baby right and then
there's another one too and this one I
really like Wow I can see where you're
going with that one Jimmy
you are and many times said you're an
Asian guy who is good at math so I have
a math problem for you are you ready I
want to see how good you are at math all
right all right if Donald Trump order
1,500 cheeseburgers for the World Series
champions and he ate 53 of those
cheeseburgers while he's waiting for the
team to show up
how many cheeseburgers will he have left
for breakfast the next morning 1440s
that's absolutely correct
[Applause]
that's a veritable well it's great to
have you here I think you have some very
interesting ideas I don't think you're
gonna be President but maybe I mean let
no offense but maybe you will who knows
I mean I didn't think Donald Trump was
going to be President they do and while
I'm here I just want your help Ted Cruz
said yes to play me on one-on-one
basketball yeah you don't want that he
sweats on you yeah yeah I'll take that
one for the American people but Ted if
you're watching this you said yes on
line let's get it on man I owe you a
beating thanks for watching if you like
that video click the subscribe button
and if you didn't like it will you hurt
my feelings